Packing in circle example (#1350)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/examples/dem/packing-in-circle/packing-in-circle.rst

Description of the Case
-----------------------

> In this example, 50 two-dimensional particles are inserted in a circle. Due to the action of gravity, they accelerate in the defined direction of gravity. Upon reaching the outer periphery of the circle (the boundary walls of the triangulation), the particle-wall contact stops the particles from leaving the triangulation. Finally a balance forms between the particle-particle and particle-wall contact force and the gravity force. Particles lose kinetic energy (and velocity), get packed on the triangulation boundary, and remain at rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, 50 two-dimensional particles are inserted in a circle and accelerate in the defined direction of gravity. Upon reaching the outer periphery of the circle (the boundary walls of the triangulation), the particle-wall contact stops the particles from leaving the triangulation. Finally a balance forms between the particle-particle and particle-wall contact force and the gravity force. Particles lose kinetic energy (and velocity), get packed on the triangulation boundary, and remain at rest.
```

Since the domain of the packing-in-circle problem is a circle, we use the *hyper_ball* as ``grid_type``. The ``grid arguments`` of this ``grid_type`` determine the position of the center, the radius of the ball (circle), and whether the colorize option is going to be used (``true``) or not (``false``). By setting the latter argument to ``true``, each of the boundaries will receive a unique ID. The IDs will be used to set the boundary conditions on specific parts of the boundary of the domain. If the ``colorize`` option is set to ``false``, all boundaries would have been given the ID ``0``. This will constitute the walls of the domain.

> The ``expand particle-wall contact search`` parameter is a feature of Lethe that expands the particle-wall contact detection list by including the walls of the neighboring cells.  This feature is necessary when the geometry is concave and presents curvature, as is the case of the circle in which the simulation is carried out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``expand particle-wall contact search`` parameter is a feature that expands the particle-wall contact detection list by including the walls of the neighboring cells.  This feature is necessary when the geometry is concave and presents curvature, as is the case of the circle in which the simulation is carried out.
```

      set insertion prn seed                             = 19
    end

> First, the ``insertion method`` is selected. In ``volume`` insertion, the particles are inserted in an insertion box. The ``inserted number of particles at each time step`` specifies the desired number of particles to be inserted at each insertion step.

Reviewer: we should rename the parameter ``inserted number of particles at each time step`` to either ``inserted number of particles at each time step`` or ``inserted number of particles at each insertion step``. 

We are not inserting at each time step.

Reviewer: (FYI, this comment is not specific to this PR. I can start a issue regarding this. I just realized this during the review :) )

.. note::
    If the insertion box is not adequately large to insert ``inserted number of particles at each time step`` particles with the defined arrangement (initial distance between the inserted particles), Lethe prints a warning and inserts the maximum number of particles that fit inside the insertion box at each insertion step.

> ``insertion frequency`` specifies the frequency of insertion steps. For example, if we set ``insertion frequency = 1000``, steps 0, 1000, 2000, 3000, ... will be defined as insertion iterations. 

Reviewer: actually, I think it is 1, 1001, 2001, 3001, etc. but who cares.

.. note::

>     We recommend that the defined insertion box have at least a distance of :math:`{d^{max}_p}` (maximum diameter of particles) from the triangulation boundaries. Otherwise, particles may be inserted with anoverlap with the triangulation walls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We recommend that the defined insertion box have at least a distance of :math:`{d^{max}_p}` (maximum diameter of particles) from the triangulation boundaries. Otherwise, particles may be inserted with an overlap with the triangulation walls.
```

> ``insertion distance threshold`` specifies the initial distance between the particles inserted. A random number is added to this initial distance to generate randomness in the particles. The random numbers are generated in the range [0 - ``insertion maximum offset``], and from a seed of ``insertion prn seed``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``insertion distance threshold`` specifies the initial distance between inserted particles. A random number is added to this initial position in every direction to generate randomness in the particles. The random numbers are generated in the range [0 - ``insertion maximum offset``], and from a seed of ``insertion prn seed``.
```

Lagrangian Physical Properties
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The gravitational acceleration as well as the physical properties of particles and walls are specified in the ``lagrangian physical properties`` subsection. These properties include diameter and density of particles, Young's modulus, Poisson's ratio, restitution coefficient and friction coefficients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gravitational acceleration as well as the physical properties of particles and walls are specified in the ``lagrangian physical properties`` subsection. These properties include particle diameter and density, Young's modulus, Poisson's ratio, restitution coefficient and friction coefficients.
```

      subsection contact detection
        set contact detection method                = dynamic
        set dynamic contact search size coefficient = 0.7
        set neighborhood threshold                  = 1.3
      end
      set particle particle contact force method    = hertz_mindlin_limit_overlap
      set particle wall contact force method        = nonlinear
      set integration method                        = velocity_verlet
      set rolling resistance torque method          = constant_resistance
    end

> These parameters include ``contact detection method`` and  the ``dynamic contact search size coefficient``, ``neighborhood threshold`` (which defines the contact neighbor list size: ``neighborhood threshold`` * particle diameter), ``particle particle contact force method``, ``particle wall contact force method`` and ``integration method``. All the concepts, models, and choices are explained in `DEM parameters <../../../parameters/dem/dem.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These parameters include ``contact detection method`` and  the ``dynamic contact search size coefficient``, ``neighborhood threshold`` (which defines the contact neighbor list size: ``neighborhood threshold`` * ``particle diameter``), ``particle particle contact force method``, ``particle wall contact force method`` and ``integration method``. All the concepts, models, and choices are explained in `DEM parameters <../../../parameters/dem/dem.html>`_.
```

> By setting ``contact detection method = dynamic``, Lethe rebuilds the contact lists automatically. In this mode, Lethe stores the displacements of each particle in the simulation since the last contact detection. If the maximum displacement of a particle exceeds the smallest contact search criterion, then the iteration is a contact search iteration and the contact list is rebuilt. The smallest contact search criterion is the minimum of the smallest cell size in the triangulation or the radius of the spherical region in the fine search and it is defined as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting ``contact detection method = dynamic``, the contact lists is automatically rebuilt. In this mode, Lethe stores the displacements of each particle in the simulation since the last contact detection. If the maximum displacement of a particle exceeds the smallest contact search criterion, then the contact list is rebuilt during the time step. The smallest contact search criterion is the minimum of the smallest cell size in the triangulation or the radius of the spherical region in the fine search and it is defined as:
```

 
.. math::
    \phi=\min({d_c^{min}-r_p^{max},\epsilon(\alpha-1)r_p^{max}})

where :math:`{\phi}`, :math:`{d_c^{min}}`, :math:`{r_p^{max}}`, :math:`{\epsilon}`, and :math:`{\alpha}` denote smallest contact search criterion, minimum cell size (in the triangulation), maximum particle radius (in polydisperse simulations), ``dynamic contact search size coefficient``, and ``neighborhood threshold``.

> ``dynamic contact search size coefficient``, as illustrated in the equation above, is a safety factor to ensure the late detection of particles will not happen in the simulations with ``dynamic`` contact search; and its value should be defined generally in the range of 0.5-0.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``dynamic contact search size coefficient``, as illustrated in the equation above, is a safety factor to ensure that late detection of particles contact will not occur in simulations where the ``contact detection method`` is set to ``dynamic`` . Its value should be defined generally in the range of 0.5-0.9.
```
